[REF] Planning: create new field service page in planning (#17905)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/advanced/after_sales.rst

   ticket's :guilabel:`Repair` smart button, or from a link in the chatter, even if they do not have
   access rights to the **Repair** application.

.. _helpdesk/after-sales/field-service:

Plan field service interventions from a ticket
==============================================

On-site interventions can be planned from a ticket and managed through the Planning app.
Customers with :doc:`portal access <../../../general/users/user_portals>` are able to track the

> progress of interventions the same as they would a **Helpdesk** ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-site interventions can be planned from a ticket and managed through the Planning app.
Customers with :doc:`portal access <../../../general/users/user_portals>` can track the
progress of interventions the same way they would track a **Helpdesk** ticket.
```

> To enable this feature, go to to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`,
```

select the relevant team, scroll to the :guilabel:`After-Sales` section, and enable
:guilabel:`Field Service`.

To plan an intervention from a helpdesk ticket, click :guilabel:`Plan Intervention`, then
:ref:`create a shift <planning/create-shift>`.

Once the intervention has been planned, a :guilabel:`Scheduled` smart button is added to the ticket

> with the intervention's date and time; click the button to access the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the intervention has been planned, a :guilabel:`Scheduled` smart button displaying the intervention's date and time is added to the ticket. Click the button to open the schedule.
```
